docs: move deprecation msg to be more clear (#17912)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/approximate-histograms.md

  -->

:::caution

>  The Approximate Histogram aggregator is deprecated. Use [DataSketches Quantiles](../extensions-core/datasketches-quantiles.md) instead, which provides a superior distribution-independent algorithm with formal error guarantees.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
 The Approximate Histogram aggregator is deprecated. Use [DataSketches Quantiles](../extensions-core/datasketches-quantiles.md) instead as it provides a superior distribution-independent algorithm with formal error guarantees.
```
